Strict module layout (#541)
inaka/elvis_core: doc_rules/elvis_style/strict_module_layout.md

> # Strict Module Layout ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/BEAM-yes-orange)

Reviewer: You're missing the "since" badge.

> # Strict Module Layout [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/since-4.2.0-blue)](https://github.com/inaka/elvis_core/releases/tag/4.2.0) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/BEAM-yes-orange)

Reviewer 2: The `since` will probably have be to revisited once this is ready to be tagged.

> Prefer sticking an exact order of the different parts in a module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prefer a consistent and well-defined order of module "sections".
```

## Avoid

```erlang
-module(…).

-dialyzer(…).

-include[_lib](…).
```

> with a configuration that describes an order: [module, include, dialyzer]

## Prefer

```erlang
-module(…).

-include[_lib](…).

-dialyzer(…).
```

> with a configuration that describes an order: [module, include, dialyzer]

## Rationale

This is a readability issue. It can improve the odds of others reading and

> liking your code by making it easier to follow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A standardized layout allows developers to quickly locate declarations such as exports, records, macros, and function definitions. It also simplifies code reviews and reduces unnecessary diffs caused by reordering unrelated sections.
```

## Options

- order :: [atom]

>   - default: [module, include, dialyzer, elvis, mixin, type_attr, export_type, export, function]

Reviewer 2: I'd go with:
`-module`
-behaviour declarations (if any)
-export and -export_type attributes
-compile and other module attributes
-include and -include_lib directives
Macro definitions (-define)
Record definitions (-record)
Type definitions (-type, -opaque)
Public function definitions
Internal (non-exported) function definitions
